Back in school they never taught us
What we needed to know
Like how to deal with despair
Or someone breakin' your heart
For twelve years I've held it all together
But a night like this is beggin' to pull me apart
I played it quiet left you deep in conversation
I felt uncool and hung out around the kitchen
I remember I kept thinking
That I know you never would
And now I know I want to kill you
Like only a best friend could
Everyone's caught on to everything you do
Everyone's caught on to
As if it happening wasn't enough
I got to go and write a song
Just to remind myself how bad it sucked
Ignore the sun, covers over my head
Wrote a message on my pillow that says
"Jesse, stay asleep in bed"
Don't apologize (I hope you choke and die!)
Search your cell for something which to hang yourself
They say you need to pray
If you want to go to heaven
But they don't tell you what to say
When your whole life has gone to Hell!
Everyone's caught on to everything you do
Everyone's caught on to
(And I can't let you let me down again)
Everyone's caught on to everything you do
(And I can't let you let me down again)
Everyone's caught on to
So is that what you call a getaway?
Tell me what you got away with
Cause I've seen more spine on jellyfish
I've seen more guts on eleven-year-old kids
Have another drink and drive yourself home
I hope there's ice on all the roads
And you can think of me when you forget your seat belt
And again when your head goes through the windshield
Is that what you call tact?
You're as subtle as a brick in the small of my back
So let's end this call and end this conversation
And is that what you call a getaway?
Tell me what you got away with
Cause you left the frays from the ties you severed
When you say "best friends" means friends forever
Is that what you call a getaway?!!
Tell me what you got away with!!
Cause I've seen more spine on jellyfish!!
I've seen more guts on eleven-year-old kids!!
Have another drink and drive yourself home!!
I hope there's ice on all the roads!!
And you can think of me when you forget your seat belt
Then when your head goes through the windshield!!
Everyone's caught on to everything you do
(And I can't let you let me down again)
Everyone's caught on to
(I can't let you let me down again)
Everyone's caught on to everything you do
(And I can't let you let me down again)